LAST SEASON ON
LOVE & HIP-HOP: ATLANTA...
BRING IT DOWN 'CAUSE MY
HEAD WILL START SPINNING AND
I'LL CHOP YOUR TRACHEA.
THESE EXECUTIVES WANT
TO SIGN YOU.
THEY WANT TO GIVE YOU
AN OPPORTUNITY.
THEY ARE ABSOLUTELY TERRIFIED.
I STILL HAVE TO FIGHT
DOWN THIS STEREOTYPE
THAT K.MICHELLE IS OUTRIGHT
CRAZY.
[bleep] DON'T CALL ME BITCH.
WE'RE HAPPY.
WE'RE MOVING FORWARD.
AND IN THE END,
I'M GONNA HAVE A RING.
YOU REALLY THINK I'M FEELING
THAT BITCH?
MA, DON'T CALL HER NO BITCH.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO GET HURT,
BUT IF YOU DO,
I WANT YOU TO BE PREPARED.
WE HAVE A RELATIONSHIP
THAT'S A LITTLE BEYOND
FRIENDSHIP.
HAVE YOU HIT IT YET?
WE JUST FRIENDS.
JUST FRIENDS?
I JUST LOVE YOU.
I LOVE ERICA DIXON.
HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT ME?
I LOVE YOU.
BOTH OF YOUR ROLES
ARE GONNA CROSS.
JUST BE READY.
* GIRL, I HOPE AND PRAY
♪ THAT LOVE TREATS YOU FAIR
MAKING LOVE ALL NIGHT
TILL THE SUN COME UP.
LET'S GET TO THAT.
IS YOU RIDING WITH ME?
IS YOU DOWN?
YOU KNOW I'M DOWN.
ARE YOU [bleep] THIS GIRL?
NO, I'M NOT.
I KNOW WHO BABY I HAVE
IN MY STOMACH,
AND YOU KNOW TOO.
YOU ALWAYS WANT TO [bleep]
BITCHES, BUT YOU NEVER WANT
TO HANDLE [bleep] AFTER
THE FACT.
YOU GOT TO BE MONOGAMOUS,
MY BROTHER.
MONOGAMOUS.
IN MY PERFECT WORLD,
I CAN GET THEM TO WORK TOGETHER.
IS YOU TRYING TO CONTINUE
ON A RELATIONSHIP WITH HER?
I AIN'T SEE NOTHING WRONG
WITH IT.
I DON'T WANT TO BE IN A
RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU ANYMORE.
I'M DONE.
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* YEAH
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* 'SUP
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* HUH
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* HUH
♪ THERE AIN'T NOTHING LIKE
♪ HIP-HOP MUSIC
♪ MUSIC
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
[thunder rumbling]
[earnest pop music]
♪
* SITTING IN CLASS
♪ TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
♪ WHAT IT ALL MEANS
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S ALL GREED TO ME
♪ I GET THE FEELING...
WHEN I LOOK BACK ON LAST
YEAR AND EVERYTHING THAT I WENT
THROUGH, I CAN HONESTLY SAY
THAT LIFE IS GREAT.
I'VE BEEN REALLY FOCUSING
ON MY TOP PRIORITIES:
MYSELF AND MY DAUGHTER EVA.
I AM CLEANING HOUSE,
AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME.
* CAN'T LET YOU
♪ MAKE MY CHOICES
♪ I NEED TO HAVE MY OWN VOICE
MOMMY.
HEY.
* I JUST WANT TO BE TRUE
♪ TO ME
THIS IS A PIG.
OINK, OINK, OINK, OINK.
HELLO.
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE ALL THINKING.
THIS AIN'T THAT.
LAST NIGHT I WENT TO PICK UP
EVA FROM STEVIE'S HOUSE.
STEVIE'S SISTER TERESA
WATCHES HER WHEN I'M WORKING
OR TRAVELING.
IT WAS LATE.
I DIDN'T WANT TO WAKE THE BABY.
STEVIE WASN'T THERE,
SO I DECIDED TO CRASH.
A FEW MINUTES LATER,
JOSELINE STORMS IN THE BEDROOM,
SCREAMING AND HOLLERING ABOUT
ME BEING IN HER BED.
SHE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT'S GOING
ON ABOUT ME BE LAYING
IN THE BED.
LIKE, SHE ABOUT TO GO TO SLEEP
OUTSIDE THERE.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW HOW SHE GETS.
SHE FEELS KIND OF THREATENED
BY YOU.
AND SHE FELT LIKE, YOU KNOW,
SHE HAD BEEN HERE,
AND THEN YOU COME AROUND.
SHE WAS STAYING HERE?
I MEAN, YEAH, SHE BEEN HERE.
ME AND JOSELINE,
WE MAKING A LOT OF MOVES
TOGETHER.
WE DOING SHOWS.
WE DOING PHOTO SHOOTS.
WE IN THE STUDIO TOGETHER.
SO I FIGURED IT WAS ONLY RIGHT
THAT SHE MOVE IN.
YOU KNOW, IT'S A BUSINESS CRIB.
YOU KNOW, WRITE IT OFF.
WE WORKING.
WE GETTING MONEY TOGETHER.
WHY DOES YOUR WORK HAVE TO
TAKE PLACE IN HERE?
SHE DOESN'T BELONG AROUND
THE CHILD, PERIOD.
WELL, IT GOT A LITTLE
OUT OF HAND LAST NIGHT.
SHE CROSSED THE LINE WHEN
SHE SAID THAT, YOU KNOW, EVA
DIDN'T MATTER.
IT'S ALL ABOUT EVA.
THAT'S THE ONE THING
WE CAN AGREE ON.
JOSELINE GONNA GET
PUT IN HER PLACE AND SHE'S
GONNA UNDERSTAND THAT SHE
CAN'T COME AROUND VIOLATING
FAMILY.
OKAY, THIS IS MY THING.
I DON'T WANT JOSELINE
AROUND EVA.
SO IF I HAVE TO BE HERE
FOR HER NOT TO BE HERE AROUND
MY DAUGHTER, THEN...
THAT'S WHERE THAT'S AT.
SO YOU GONNA BE STAYING
HERE NOW?
I WILL DO WHAT I NEED TO DO
FOR HER.
FOR EVA.
YEAH.
COME HERE.
WHAT'S UP?
TELL ME WHAT'S UP.
TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT.
TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT, BABY.
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
GET UNDER THE COVERS.
GO HIDE.
GO HIDEY.
GO HIDE FROM THE MONSTERS.
THE MONSTERS COMING.
IS MY SITUATION PERFECT?
HARDLY.
BUT ONE THING'S FOR SURE.
STEVIE AND I ARE CONNECTED
BY OUR DAUGHTER EVA,
AND AS LONG AS HE AGREES
TO KEEP JOSELINE AWAY
FROM MY DAUGHTER,
THEN I'M GOOD.
THAT'S ALL I ASK.
WHAT ABOUT ME AND YOU?
THAT'S A WHOLE NOTHER
CONVERSATION.
CAN WE BE THE BEAR
AND THE PIG?
[laughs]
WELL, I JUST WANT TO GET
LITTLE PIGGY AND THE BEAR
BACK TOGETHER AGAIN.
YOU AND YOUR ANALOGIES
WITH PIGS AND BEARS AND...
LOOK.
WELL, THEN IF THE GORILLA
IS NOT IN THE MIDDLE,
THEN MAYBE WE CAN DO THAT.
RAWR!
WHOA.
[laughs]
PUT THE LOUIS STEWART
ON THE HANGER.
THE LOUIS STEWART?
I THOUGHT THAT WAS GUCCI.
SCRAPPY MOVED BACK IN.
WE ENGAGED, AND IT'S OFFICIAL
LIKE THE WHISTLE.
LIKE, YOU SEE IT?
IT'S REAL.
WAIT TILL YOU SEE THE WEDDING.
GUCCI, LOUIS, POLO.
IT NEEDS TO STOP RIGHT HERE...
OH, NO, BABE.
'CAUSE WE NEED TO START
PLANNING THE WEDDING.
SO WEAR EVERYTHING TWICE?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
HEY, I'M A ENTERTAINER.
I GOT MY WHOLE SWAG GAME
DOWN PAT, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
SAYING?
EXPENSIVE SWAG GAME.
OH, MY SWIZZ-NAH-EE IS ON
TIZZ-NAH-EE.
MY SWAG IS ON TEN.
WE TRYING TO PLAN THIS
WEDDING.
THIS SPENDING HABIT
RIGHT HERE...
DON'T YOU THINK I NEED
TO LOOK GOOD?
YOU CAN LOOK GOOD
ON A BUDGET.
BALLER ON A BUDGET.
WE GOT A BUDGET?
BUT I'M BUYING YOU STUFF.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
I'M BUYING YOU BAGS
AND SHOES AND WHATEVER
YOU WANT, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
SAYING?
YOU DON'T SEE ANYTHING ELSE
NEW?
I'VE BEEN SAVING.
WHAT IS THAT?
I WAS TRYING TO SAVE,
BUT I BOUGHT THAT.
YOU FEEL ME?
BUT ANYWAY, LISTEN.
AT THE END OF THE DAY--
WE GOT TO COME UP
WITH A NUMBER THAT WE IN
AGREEANCE ON THAT YOU--
YOU KNOW, WHAT'S YOUR LIMIT?
WHAT YOU MEAN,
WHAT'S MY LIMIT?
WHAT'S--LIKE, FOR CLOTHING,
SHOES?
I SPEND...
$1,000 A MONTH?
NO.
LET'S SAY $2,000.
'CAUSE TWO WEEKS GO BY--
THAT'S JUST TOO MUCH.
I CAN DO $1,000.
$1,500.
LET'S DO 12.
WE CAN DO 12,
AND THEN EVERY NOW AND THEN,
JUMP UP TO 15.
[singing in Spanish]
JOSELINE'S A MEAN, LEAN,
PAPER-MAKING MACHINE.
AND THE TWO OF US TOGETHER,
WE'RE THE HOTTEST TEAM
IN THE INDUSTRY.
BUT SHE HAS TO REMEMBER
THERE'S A LINE THAT WE DRAW
THAT CAN NEVER GET CROSSED.
[singing in Spanish]
BREAK IT DOWN, BOO.
SWING THAT HAIR.
WORK, WORK, WORK.
WHAT'S UP, STEVIE?
WHEN YOU START TALKING
ABOUT EVA, YOU SAY SOMETHING
DISRESPECTFUL ABOUT MY DAUGHTER,
THAT'S WHEN YOU CROSS THAT LINE.
YOU GOT TO BE DEALT WITH.
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT
THE OTHER DAY?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU WAS GETTING OUT OF LINE
IN FRONT OF MY DAUGHTER.
OH, PLEASE.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
SO WHO LIVED THERE
FOR THREE MONTHS?
YOU.
EVERY DAY.
YES.
SO WHY AM I IN MY HOUSE
STAYING WITH YOU,
AND YOU ALLOW YOUR BABY MAMA TO
COME UPSTAIRS WHERE I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE STAYING NOW FOR THE PAST
THREE MONTHS?
SHE WAS TIRED.
I TOOK--STEVIE, PLEASE.
YOU ALWAYS WANT TO GO WITH
THE BACK-AND-FORTH.
MIMI, MI MADRE THE MAID.
AIN'T JOSELINE A PUERTO RICAN
PRINCESS?
HONEY, THIS IS TOO MUCH.
THIS IS TOO MUCH.
I MADE YOU THE PRINCESS,
BABY.
I BEEN A PRINCESS
WITHOUT YOU.
WHO THE [bleep] HE THINK
HE TALKING TO?
YOU NEVER ASKED ME TO LEAVE.
I PACKED MY [bleep] UP
AND LEFT THE HOUSE.
NOW, IF YOU WANT TO USE THAT
AS YOUR EXCUSE, BE MY GUEST.
I DON'T GIVE A [bleep].
GO BE WITH YOUR MAID.
SHE CAN HAVE THAT [bleep].
SHE THIRSTY, SHE HUNGRY,
AND SHE NEEDS YOU.
I DON'T.
GOOD-BYE.
GO TELL HER TO CLEAN OUT.
ONCE YOU GET ME SOME MONEY.
MATTER OF FACT, TELL HER TO
COME CLEAN UP--
CHOP TO IT, BABY, GO WORK.
OH, BITCH, PLEASE.
BYE.
GET TO WORK, [bleep].
RIGHT. YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'MA ALWAYS BE A HO,
AND YOU A DIRTY ASS PIMP.
GET MY MONEY, [bleep].
GO [bleep]
YOUR DIRTY ASS BITCH.
YOUR LIFE IS MINE.
I GAVE IT TO YOU.
STEVIE, GET THE [bleep]
UP OUT OF HERE
SO I CAN GET BACK TO WORK
WITH YOUR MONKEY ASS.
BYE.
RICARDO, CAN WE GET STARTED?
LADIES, DON'T LET HIM DISTURB
YOU.
LET'S DO IT.
HOW DO YOU WORK THE BUSINESS
OUT WITH THE RELATIONSHIP?
I LOVE STEVIE.
I APPRECIATE HIM.
BUT I JUST DON'T WANT TO BE
WITH HIM.
CURRENTLY I'M SINGLE
AND I'M ALWAYS LOOKING FOR LOVE,
'CAUSE I LIKE TO HAVE SEX.
YOU GONNA MAKE THIS BITCH
COME HERE WHERE I STAY
AND YOUR DAUGHTER AND [bleep]
DISRESPECT?
WHY CAN'T YOU TAKE THE
INITIATIVE TO GET THE BITCH
OUT OF THE [bleep] HOUSE?
DO YOU STILL LOVE HIM?
IT DON'T GO AWAY OVERNIGHT.
NEVER GIVE UP.
WELL, WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
JUST WATCH OUT.
CHANGE IS A-COMIN'.
ONE THING THAT EVERYBODY
NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT ME IS,
WHEN I LOVE, I GO HARD.
AT ONE POINT, I WENT
DEFINITELY HARD FOR SCRAPPY.
HE WAS MY BEST FRIEND,
MY CONFIDANTE, MY LOVER.
HE WAS MY EVERYTHING.
SO WHEN SCRAPPY PROPOSED
TO ERICA, I WAS SO SHOCKED
AND CONFUSED ABOUT WHAT
WAS GOING ON.
I DECIDED TO VISIT THE ONE
PERSON I KNOW COULD SHED
SOME LIGHT ON THIS SITUATION.
I DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND
WHERE THIS PROPOSAL CAME FROM.
I NEVER DID NOTHING TO DECEIVE
HIM.
I'VE BEEN LOYAL TO HIM.
HE NEVER TOLD ME NOT ONE TIME,
NOT ONE TIME, HE WAS DEALING
WITH ERICA AT ALL.
DID YOU KNOW?
NO, I DIDN'T.
DID HE TELL YOU?
DID HE ASK YOU?
DID HE SAY ANYTHING?
NO, IT WAS A SURPRISE TO ME.
AND HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT
THAT?
I FEEL BETRAYED.
I FEEL LIKE I'M THE UNDERDOG.
BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY,
HE IS THE PRINCE OF THE SOUTH,
AND I CANNOT OVERTHROWN HIM.
HE'S GROWN.
HE'S ON HIS OWN.
BUT HIM AND ERICA
ARE NOT A GOOD COMBINATION.
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
MOMMA DOES KNOW BEST.
THE PRINCE HAS DECIDED
FOR RIGHT NOW,
BUT IT'S NOT--
[bleep] THAT.
LISTEN.
IT IS NOT THE WISH OF THE
KINGDOM, IT IS NOT THE WISH
OF THE QUEEN,
THAT THIS [bleep] GO DOWN.
SO YOU DON'T APPROVE IT?
NO, I DO NOT.
CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
DO YOU STILL LOVE HIM?
IT DON'T GO AWAY OVERNIGHT.
I TRUSTED EVERYTHING
IN YOUR SON.
I TRUSTED EVERYTHING HE TOLD ME.
AND EVERYTHING WAS A LIE.
I FEEL LIKE I DON'T GOT
NOBODY TO TALK TO.
I FEE LIKE I DON'T EVEN
HAVE A FRIEND.
IT'S LIKE HE MESSED IT UP
FOR EVERYBODY.
BUT LISTEN.
THAT WAS MY HEART.
THAT WAS MY FRIEND.
AND I LOST, YOU KNOW--
I LOST A PART OF ME.
BUT IT'S COOL.
I'LL GET OVER IT.
I WILL.
BUT IF YOU COME INTO THIS AREA,
I'LL PROBABLY PUNCH YOU IN YOUR
[bleep] FACE.
NEVER GIVE UP ON YOU.
NEVER GIVE UP.
YOU A WARRIOR.
I MEAN, I AM,
BUT I'M NOT FITTING TO FIGHT
FOR NOBODY THAT DON'T WANT
TO BE KEPT.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
LIFE HAS A WAY OF WORKING
ITSELF OUT.
SOMETIMES YOU GOT TO KNOW
WHEN TO HOLD AND KNOW WHEN
TO FOLD.
WELL, WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
JUST WATCH OUT.
CHANGE IS A-COMIN'.
[morose piano music]
♪
* DAMN, I LOVE MY LIFE
♪ WHY IS EVERYBODY SO UPTIGHT?
♪ I TOLD YOU FROM THE START
♪ K.MICHELLE AIN'T ABOUT
♪ THAT LIFE
♪ 'CAUSE I'M A LITTLE SCARED
♪ AT THE MINUTE
♪ BUT TONIGHT
♪ I'LL COMMIT TO YOUR BODY
♪ 'CAUSE I JUST WANT TO CUT
♪ AND NOT FALL IN LOVE
MY LIFE IS AMAZING RIGHT NOW.
I HAVE A BRAND-NEW RECORD DEAL
WITH WARNER BROS.
I'M ABLE TO GET OUT THERE
AND DO MY MUSIC AGAIN.
AND I'M VERY EXCITED
AND I'M READY TO GO AND PUT THIS
ALBUM OUT--
MY FIRST ALBUM EVER.
I WANT TO NAME MY ALBUM
A REBELLIOUS SOUL,
'CAUSE I'M VERY REBELLIOUS.
I'MA STOP YOU.
NO, I GOT TO STOP YOU.
YOU GOT A BAD REP, RIGHT?
OOH, JUST WAIT A MINUTE!
NO, WE STRAIGHT-UP.
NAW, I'M SAYING WE GOT TO BE
STRAIGHT-UP, THOUGH, RIGHT?
YOU GOT A BAD REP
THAT YOU GOT A BAD ATTITUDE,
THAT YOU SPAZZING OUT,
THAT YOU DON'T LISTEN.
YOU GOT TO REPAIR THAT.
I KNOW.
THE SAME THING THAT MAKES ME
A GREAT ARTIST IS THE SAME THING
THAT CAN DESTROY ME.
I WEAR MY EMOTIONS ON MY SLEEVE.
IT TAKES A SPECIAL KIND
OF PERSON TO BE MY FRIEND,
IT TAKES A SPECIAL KIND OF MAN
TO LOVE ME, AND IT TAKES
A SPECIAL KIND OF PERSON
TO DO BUSINESS WITH ME.
I'M NOT THE GIRLY R&B ARTIST.
IT'S NOT HAPPENING.
I NEED TO [bleep] WITH THE HOOD,
THE STREETS.
I NEED TO BE LIKE A FEMALE
SINGING RAPPER,
A MIX BETWEEN FERGIE AND JESUS.
I NEED TO DO ALL OF THIS,
AND I NEED TO, MOST IMPORTANTLY,
GIVE WOMEN A VOICE.
ALL I'M SAYING TO YOU:
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
WE ON THE SAME TEAM,
GOT THE SAME GOAL.
THE GOAL IS TO WATCH YOU WIN,
TO WATCH YOU GROW
AS A CAREER ARTIST.
WELL, I JUST WANT TO MAKE
A DOPE ALBUM,
AND I WANT TO...
WELL, THEN MAKE A GREAT
ALBUM.
TELL ALL THE HATERS REST IN
PEACE, KILL YOURSELF.
DRINK BLEACH TWICE
BECAUSE, REGARDS ANYTHING,
I AM GENUINE IN MY MUSIC
AND I'M GENUINE WITH MY FANS,
AND THEY WANT ME TO WIN.
PUT ON YOUR SEATBELT,
'CAUSE IT'S GONNA GET CRUNK.
SO HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE ENGAGED?
IT FEELS GREAT.
IT'S--
DOES IT FEEL REAL?
YES, IT DOES.
IT FEELS REAL.
LAST YEAR, WHEN ME AND
AND SCRAPPY WERE GOING
THROUGH OUR UPS AND DOWNS,
I TOLD MY MOM THAT I WAS GONNA
HAVE A RING.
AND I KNOW SHE STILL HAS HER
DOUBTS, SO I DECIDED TO PROVE
TO HER THIS TIME HE IS SERIOUS.
WELCOME TO JEWELRY ARTISANS.
WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY?
I'M HERE TO GET THE RING
APPRAISED.
OH, IS THIS A NEW ONE?
YES.
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL.
WELL, GIVE ME A MINUTE.
HAVE FUN, LADIES.
THANKS.
WITH THIS GO-AROUND,
I FEE LIKE HE IS VERY SINCERE.
WHY?
I'VE KNOWN HIM FOR SO LONG,
AND I CAN JUST READ HIM.
AND JUST, LIKE, NOW IT'S
ALL PROGRESSION.
LIKE, WE--YOU KNOW, WE HAVE
OUR ARGUMENTS HERE AND THERE,
BUT FOR THE MOST PART,
WE CAN ACTUALLY SIT, TALK,
WORK IT OUT, MOVE FORWARD.
WELL, IF YOU'RE HAPPY,
I'M HAPPY.
ARE YOU REALLY HAPPY?
IF ERICA'S HAPPY,
MOMMY'S HAPPY.
NO, I SAID ARE YOU HAPPY,
'CAUSE YOU KEEP SAYING
IF ERICA'S HAPPY, MOMMY'S HAPPY.
ARE YOU HAPPY FOR THE WHOLE
SITUATION WITH ERICA
AND SCRAPPY, NOT JUST 'CAUSE
I'M HAPPY?
I'M CONTENT.
I'LL BE HAPPY AFTER
THE MARRIAGE.
SO BASICALLY YOU'RE DOUBTING
THAT WE'RE GONNA GET MARRIED.
I'M 80% SURE AND, LIKE,
20%--ONLY BECAUSE OF HIS PAST.
AND I KNOW YOU LOVE SCRAPPY.
I KNOW HE LOVES YOU.
BUT DOES HE LOVES YOU ENOUGH
TO REALLY MARRY YOU?
NOTHING'S EVER ENOUGH FOR
HER, ESPECIALLY WHEN IT COMES
TO HIM.
"HE'S BEING A LITTLE BOY.
YOU KNOW, HE'S NOT STEPPING UP
TO THE PLATE."
AND IT'S LIKE, HE DID,
AND THEN YOU GONNA SHOOT
HIM DOWN AGAIN.
"WELL, ARE Y'ALL REALLY GONNA
GET MARRIED?"
THANK GOD THE JEWELER CAME BACK
AND PUMPED HER BRAKES.
HERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
THERE'S YOUR RING ALL CLEAN
AND SPARKLY.
THANK YOU.
THE RING IS AN 18 KARAT,
WHICH IS VERY NICE.
THAT'S WHAT WE USE A LOT
IN OUR CUSTOM DESIGNS,
IS 18 KARAT.
THE DIAMOND IS SPECTACULAR.
I MEAN, IT HAS GOT SUCH
A GREAT CUT ON IT.
THAT'S WHAT GIVES YOU THAT
SPARKLE AND BRILLIANCE.
PROBABLY THE BEST PART, THOUGH.
WOW.
LOOK AT THAT, HUH?
WOWSERS.
THIS MAN SURE LOVES YOU
RIGHT HERE, HUH?
WOW.
I LIKE THOSE NUMBERS.
LOVE THOSE NUMBERS.
WELL, YOU CAN ONLY IMAGINE
WHAT I'M GONNA SPEND
ON THE WEDDING.
[laughing]
OKAY.
SEE WHAT DADDY DO FOR YOU?
YOU TREAT ME LIKE I'M
A PROSTITUTE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I DON'T PAY TO [bleep] YOU.
HEY, MAID.
I SEE YOU GOT ON YOUR MAID
OUTFIT LIKE YOU ALWAYS DO.
GET THIS HO OUT THE HOUSE.
PROSTITUTE.
[thumping hip-hop music]
♪
YOU'RE LISTENING TO
THE PEOPLE'S STATION, V-103.
THIS IS ZINO AFTER DARK.
WE ARE HERE WITH
THE INCOMPARABLE,
THE LOVELY MS. JOSELINE
HERNANDEZ.
THE BADDEST CHICK.
ON V-103.
I'VE BEEN DOING A LATE NIGHT
RADIO SHOW IN ATLANTA
FOR A WHILE NOW,
AND IT'S BASICALLY A SHOW
WHERE I TALK TO MAINLY WOMEN,
BUT ALL PEOPLE,
ABOUT LIFE, RELATIONSHIPS,
AND THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS.
YOU'VE GOT THE SINGLES
COMING OUT.
YOU'RE IN HIGH DEMAND RIGHT NOW.
BOY, I'M THE BADDEST CHICK.
WHAT CAN I SAY?
THEY ONLY WANT TO SEE THE PUERTO
RICAN PRINCESS.
RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT.
SO I DO A LOT OF SHOWS.
I DO, LIKE, FOUR OR FIVE SHOWS
A WEEK.
I'M ALWAYS OUT OF TOWN.
YOU GETTING THAT BREAD.
AH, WELL, YOU KNOW...
YOU KNOW?
I MAKE ABOUT A GOOD
20 STACKS A WEEK ON DOING SHOWS.
YOU KNOW, I MAKE A LITTLE
SOMETHING DOING SHOWS.
YOU KNOW, STEVIE AND I
ALWAYS HAVE SOMETHING GOING ON,
AND HE'S THE ONE THAT SAVES
THE LAST WHEN IT COMES DOWN
TO WORK.
THAT'S FUNNY YOU MENTION
THAT, BECAUSE TONIGHT'S TOPIC
IS ABOUT FALLING IN LOVE
OR HAVING A RELATIONSHIP
WITH SOMEBODY THAT
YOU WORK WITH.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
OH, HONEY.
YOU KNOW, AND I'M SURE
YOU GOT SOME INSIGHT ON THAT,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YES, I DO.
HOW DO YOU WORK THE BUSINESS
OUT WITH THE PLEASURE,
WITH THE RELATIONSHIP?
YOU KNOW, I DON'T THINK
THAT IT'S POSSIBLE.
YOU KNOW, I'VE TRIED IT.
I'VE DONE IT.
AND IT JUST--YOU TRY TO WORK
ON YOUR RELATIONSHIP
AND YOU'RE TRYING TO WORK
ON YOUR CAREER.
IT AIN'T GONNA WORK.
AND I LOVE STEVIE.
DON'T GET ME WRONG.
I LOVE HIM AS A PERSON.
I APPRECIATE HIM.
BUT I JUST DON'T WANT TO BE
WITH HIM.
TONIGHT.
TOMORROW...
SEE, IT'S PEOPLE LIKE YOU
THAT PUSH HIM BACK INTO MY LIFE.
LIKE, I DON'T WANT HIM.
WE STILL DO BUSINESS TOGETHER,
BUT I'M THE BITCH THAT'S GONNA
SEPARATE THAT BUSINESS
AND THAT PERSONAL [bleep],
'CAUSE FOR REAL, FOR REAL,
I'M 26.
I'M BEAUTIFUL.
I'M YOUNG.
I HAVE A CAREER AHEAD OF ME.
I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR STEVIE.
CURRENTLY I'M SINGLE AND,
YOU KNOW, I'M ALWAYS LOOKING
FOR LOVE,
'CAUSE I LIKE TO HAVE SEX.
I'M A GROWN WOMAN.
HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
WE'RE GONNA PAY SOME BILLS.
IT'S GETTING A LITTLE HOT
UP HERE.
UM, YOU KNOW, GIVE US A CALL.
SLEAZO, IF YOU'RE OUT THERE,
HOLLER.
STEVIE KNOWS ABOUT THIS?
I DON'T CARE IF HE KNOWS.
BOY.
I'M NOT WORRYING ABOUT
ANNOUNCING IT TO HIM.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, ALL I KNOW IS THAT,
LISTEN, WHEN YOU CAME AROUND,
HE PUT ALL HIS WORK INTO YOU;
HE PUT ALL HIS EFFORT INTO YOU,
SO THAT SHOWS ME THAT HE
WAS REALLY INTO YOU.
AND NOW IT'S LIKE, OKAY, WELL--
DON'T HATE ON THE PLAYER.
HATE THE GAME.
I GUESS THAT'S WHAT THEY SAY,
HUH?
MAN.
YOU GOT SOMEBODY TO HOOK
ME UP WITH?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I'M CHILLEST.
BELIEVE ME, I'M NOT--
WHY NOT?
THIS IS A PLANE CRASH
WAITING TO HAPPEN RIGHT HERE,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
I CAN'T--
WHO'S GONNA CRASH?
OH...
YOU HEARD IT FIRST RIGHT HERE,
Y'ALL.
MS. JOSELINE HERNANDEZ
SAYS SHE'S SINGLE.
WE WERE SUPPOSED TO GO EAT,
GO SHOPPING.
WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL THAT?
LIFE.
A LOT OF STUFF.
BUT I DO HAVE A GOOD
ANNOUNCEMENT, A BIG ONE.
WELL, I GOT A BRAND-NEW
RECORD DEAL WITH WARNER BROS.
YEAH--
YOU KNOW WHAT I WENT THROUGH
WITH ALL OF THAT,
SO FOR SOMEBODY TO SAY,
"I BELIEVE IN YOU,"
REGARDLESS OF ANYTHING--
"REGARDLESS OF YOUR ISSUES,
AIN'T NOBODY PERFECT,
YOU CAN SING."
TO ME, I'M COOL WITH THAT,
YOU KNOW?
I LOVE ERICA.
SHE'S ALWAYS BEEN THERE FOR ME,
SO I WANTED HER TO BE ONE
OF THE FIRST PEOPLE I TOLD
ABOUT MY RECORD DEAL.
AND I ALSO WANTED TO, YOU KNOW,
JUST SPEND SOME TIME WITH HER
AND CELEBRATE HER ENGAGEMENT.
OH, YOU GONNA PUT IT
IN MY FACE LIKE THAT?
[laughter]
CAN YOU SEE IT FROM BACK
HERE?
I'M VERY HAPPY FOR YOU.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
LIKE, WHEN A MAN GET IT RIGHT,
IT'S A GREAT THING.
SO WE'RE GOING TO PARTY.
I FEEL LIKE I SHOULD THROW YOU,
LIKE, A INTIMATE,
SEXY ENGAGEMENT PARTY.
YOU LOOKING SCARED.
[laughing] NO, NO, NO.
IT'S AN ENGAGEMENT PARTY.
I'M NOT GONNA HOOD IT OUT.
NO--I PROMISE.
I'M GONNA HAVE THE PEOPLE
YOU LOVE AT THE PARTY.
OKAY.
BUT YOU KNOW I GOT TO BE
UNDERSTANDING ABOUT THE PEOPLE.
THIS FOR ME, RIGHT?
YEAH, BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
SO YOU TELL ME WHO YOU HAD
IN MIND.
A LOT OF BOTTLES OF LIQUOR.
MM-HMM.
JACK DANIELS, HE'S INVITED.
YOU KNOW, MIMI...
YEAH, THAT'S THE PARTY.
WHOA, WAIT A MINUTE.
[laughs]
MIMI, ARIANE.
NOPE, NOPE, NOPE.
TOOK A BIG GULP ON THAT ONE.
I'M NOT DEALING WITH THAT
GIRL.
THERE WAS A RADIO INTERVIEW,
AND ARIANE ADMITTED TO HAVING
SEX WITH ONE OF MY EXES.
BUT SHE NEVER TOLD ME THAT.
THE LEAST YOU COULD HAVE DID
WAS TELL ME THAT YOU DONE LAID
DOWN AND SPREAD YOUR HOT POCKET
WIDE OPEN FOR 'EM.
JUST TELL ME, GIRL.
"YOU KNOW, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH,
BLAH, BLAH.
GIRL, YOU KNOW I BANGED HIM.
YOU KNOW HOW WE DO AS GIRLS."
SHE VIOLATED THE "G" CODE.
I MEAN, I'M GOOD.
IT'S NO HATE.
SO HAVE Y'ALL TALKED?
SHE BEEN CALLING.
I DON'T WANT TO TALK TO HER.
WAIT.
CAN SHE BE THERE FOR ME?
YEAH.
FOR YOU, DEFINITELY.
THAT'S FINE.
I'LL TAKE THAT.
WE GOT MIMI.
SO FOR ME, WE GOT MIMI.
WE GOT ARIANE.
OKAY.
RASHEEDA?
RUN UP.
NO, MM.
NO.
[laughs]
HOW YOU JUST WALK UP IN HERE
LIKE THAT?
'CAUSE I GOT SOMETHING
FOR YOU.
WHAT IS THIS IN THIS
UGLY BOX?
HURRY UP BEFORE IT BLOWS UP.
WHEN I HEARD JOSELINE
ON THE RADIO SAYING SHE WAS
SINGLE, I WAS LIKE,
OH, HOLD UP.
HOLD UP.
YOU'RE SUCH A PIMP.
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
WE'RE GETTING A COUPLE
OF DOLLARS TOGETHER.
SO, YOU KNOW, I HAD TO CALM
THE SITUATION DOWN.
LOOK AT THE WAY THAT FITS,
THAT THING.
THANK YOU.
DON'T TOUCH ME.
SERIOUSLY, I LOVE THE FUR.
LOOKING GOOD IN THAT JOINT.
I LOVE THE FUR
AND EVERYTHING ELSE LIKE THAT,
BUT IF THIS IS GONNA COST ME,
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO TAKE IT,
'CAUSE YOU ALWAYS TRYING TO
BUY ME.
WE HAD A MISUNDERSTANDING
THE OTHER DAY.
AND I FIGURE THE BEST WAY
TO RESOLVE IT IS JUST
TO MAKE YOU SMILE.
HE KNOWS HE'S [bleep] UP.
I DON'T WANT HIM NO MORE.
SO HE BRINGS ME A FUR.
I'M LIKE, "THANK YOU, STEVIE,
BUT THAT DOES NOT MEAN
THAT YOU GONNA BUY ME BACK."
YOU TREAT ME LIKE I'M
A PROSTITUTE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THAT'S HOW YOU TREAT ME.
I DON'T PAY TO [bleep] YOU.
YOU TRYING TO GET SOMETHING,
AND I KNOW IT CAN'T BE NO HUG
IF YOU'RE TRYING TO BRING ME
A FUR.
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW,
YOU KNOW, MY DOOR'S ALWAYS
OPEN FOR YOU.
YOUR DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPEN
FOR ANY [bleep].
NO, NOT TRUE.
I DON'T [bleep] WITH JUST
ANY [bleep].
UNDERSTAND THIS, RIGHT:
I CARE ABOUT YOU.
I WANT TO MAKE SURE ME AND YOU
ARE IN THE SAME PAGE.
WHAT'S THE SAME PAGE?
HAPPY.
WE GONNA CONTINUE ON
THIS JOURNEY.
WE GONNA CONTINUE GETTING
THIS MONEY.
AND YOU GONNA CONTINUE
BEING HAPPY.
AND THAT'S IT.
[scoffs]
STEVIE, WHAT YOU GONNA DO?
YOU GONNA CHANGE?
ARE YOU GONNA CHANGE?
I AM WHO I AM.
YOU KNOW, THAT WON'T CHANGE.
WHAT NEEDS TO CHANGE
IS MY BABY'S ATTITUDE.
AND THAT DON'T TAKE MUCH AT ALL.
SEE WHAT DADDY DO FOR YOU?
I LOVE IT.
STEVIE, ENOUGH ASS GRAPPING.
WHEN I FOUND OUT
THAT YOU HAD SEX WITH HIM
AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME,
YOU HURT ME, ARIANE!
AND I TOLD YOU I WASN'T
TRYING TO.
I TOLD YOU THAT.
WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY?
I WAS NOT TRYING TO HURT YOU.
WELL, YOU DID!
[energetic electronic music]
♪
PARTY, PARTY, PARTY.
LET'S ALL GET WASTED.
[laughing]
WHEN ERICA INVITED ME AND ARIANE
TO HER ENGAGEMENT PARTY,
I WAS REALLY EXCITED FOR HER.
HELL, I HAVEN'T EVEN SEEN
THE DAMN RING YET.
WHO'S GONNA BE THERE?
UM, I'M NOT SURE EXACTLY.
I KNOW K. PUT THIS TOGETHER,
SO...
[imitates retching]
DON'T GO IN HER PARTY
ACTING NO FOOL, ARIANE.
K.MICHELLE AND I
AREN'T ON SPEAKING TERMS
RIGHT NOW.
IT'S BECAUSE I DID AN INTERVIEW
THAT SHE HEARD ABOUT
OR LISTENED TO.
I JUST ADMITTED TO A SITUATION
THAT I WAS IN WITH
K.MICHELLE'S EX.
IT WAS JUST SEX, AND...
I REALLY DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS.
I WAS SUPPOSED TO GO TO HER
SHOW IN NEW YORK, AND SHE HIT
ME AND WAS LIKE, "I DON'T THINK
YOU SHOULD COME, BECAUSE
I LISTENED TO THE INTERVIEW,
AND YOU SHOULD GO BE HIS
FRIEND."
WHAT?
OH, WOW.
I WAS LIKE, WHAT?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT SHE
REALLY WAS UPSET ABOUT.
WELL, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
UNTIL YOU GUYS TALK.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA UNDERSTAND IT,
SO...
I DON'T HAVE ANY BEEF
WITH HER.
LIKE, I--YOU KNOW,
I REALLY DON'T.
LIKE, WE JUST--I WANT TO GET
THIS ISSUE OUT OF THE WAY,
TALK ABOUT IT.
UH, IF SHE WANT TO SQUARE UP,
WE CAN, YOU KNOW...
COME ON, NOW.
NO, MISSISSIPPI WILL COME
RIGHT UP OUT THIS THANG.
YOU KNOW HOW K. GET.
AND YOU KNOW SHE GONNA BE
DRINKING AND [bleep].
GET A DRINK IN THAT ASS
AND WHOO!
MISSISSIPPI AND MEMPHIS.
AIN'T THAT SOME [bleep].
WE RIGHT DOWN THE STREET
FROM EACH OTHER, GIRL.
WE FAMILY.
WHAT YOU WANT TO FIGHT?
WANT TO FIGHT?
[chuckles]
I WANT A FRONT ROW SEAT
TO THAT ONE.
I KNOW YOU WILL.
[laughter]
[upbeat Latin-infused music]
♪
ON THE COUNT OF THREE,
LET'S TOAST HAVING BIG BUTTS,
BUT NOT BEING SLUTS.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, I'MA FINISH.
GO.
OH!
PARTY'S STARTED.
HEY.
HOW YOU BEEN?
MS. WOMAN.
CONGRATULATIONS, ERICA,
REALLY.
THAT WAS BIG.
THANK YOU.
SO HOW ARE THINGS
WITH YOU AND STEVIE?
GIRL, OKAY.
SHE UP TO NO GOOD.
I SEE HER FACE.
IT'S NOT NO GOOD.
LET ME JUST--LET ME TELL YOU.
OKAY.
I ENDED UP MOVING IN
TO STEVIE'S PLACE.
WHAT?
WAIT. WAIT. WAIT.
LET'S TAKE THIS BACK.
NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
I HAD TO GET THAT BITCH
OUT OF THE HOUSE.
YOU NOT GONNA BE AROUND MY
DAUGHTER, PERIOD.
SO I'M AT THE HOUSE TEMPORARILY
UNTIL I GET MY PLACE.
OKAY.
I WAS LIKE, WHAT THE [bleep]?
LIKE, WHAT?
REALLY?
AFTER EVERYTHING?
BUT, I MEAN, WHO AM I TO JUDGE?
AND YOU, MA'AM, HOW YOU BEEN?
IT'S BEEN FOREVER.
HOW YOU BEEN?
GOOD.
I'M HAPPY RIGHT NOW, SO...
K., YOU OKAY?
WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON WITH YOU?
YOU--I TEXT YOU.
I SAID, "YOU WANT TO TALK?"
NO.
YOU DON'T?
NO, I JUST FEEL LIKE--
EVEN TO THIS MOMENT?
I JUST FEEL LIKE,
WHEN I LOVE,
I LOVE AT THE START,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
I LOVE AT THE BEGINNING.
I DON'T LET PEOPLE INTO MY
WORLD.
I DON'T LET THAT,
AND I LET YOU INTO MY WORLD.
SO TO HEAR THAT YOU WERE
COMMENTING ON MY LIFE,
IT WAS NOT APPROPRIATE.
BUT THE WHOLE THING,
IT WASN'T YOUR LIFE.
IT WAS MY RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU.
IT'S MY LIFE.
BUT YOU--HOW YOU HANDLED
THE INTERVIEW--
BUT YOU CAN'T TELL ME
HOW TO TALK, K.
BUT HOW YOU HANDLED
THAT INTERVIEW ABOUT ME WAS
NOT APPROPRIATE,
AND YOU HURT ME.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO HURT YOU.
WELL, YOU DID.
YOU HAD SEX WITH HIM,
AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME?
YOU SHOULD HAVE TOLD ME
FROM THE BEGINNING.
I FORGAVE YOU ONCE,
AND THERE WON'T BE A TWICE,
'CAUSE THE ONCE WAS--
THE ONCE WAS--
OKAY, THEN WE DON'T HAVE TO
TALK ABOUT IT NO MORE.
NO, I AIN'T DONE TALKING.
I STARTED, AND I GOT SOME
MARGARITA.
THE ONCE WAS--
DON'T YOU BE LAUGHING AT ME.
I'M NOT DEALING WITH YOU.
LAUGH!
AND I'M GOING TO
BECAUSE I LET YOU KNOW.
YOU HURT ME, ARIANE.
AND I TOLD YOU I WASN'T
TRYING TO.
I TOLD YOU THAT.
WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY?
I WAS NOT TRYING TO HURT YOU.
IT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU.
I LIKE YOU.
AND I LIKE YOU TOO.
I SAID THAT IN THE INTERVIEW.
I SAID, "K., I LIKE K."
WE CAN RERUN THAT [bleep]
RIGHT NOW.
YOU WANT TO DO IT, WE CAN DO IT.
SHE LIKES K.!
DON'T [bleep] DO THAT.
DON'T DO THAT.
I KNOW WHEN I [bleep]
WITH SOMEBODY, I [bleep]
WITH THEM.
THEY ASKED ME A QUESTION--
AND I [bleep] WITH YOU.
AND I [bleep] WITH YOU TOO.
AND--BUT YOU--BUT YOU KNOW--
I WON'T HURT YOU AGAIN!
DONE.
Y'ALL [bleep] WITH EACH
OTHER.
YES!
YES, BABY, YES!
THERE IS LOVE IN HIP-HOP.
FOR ME, THAT'S LOVE
AND BASKETBALL.
ARIANE, HOW YOU DOING?
HOW YOU DOING?
GIVE ME A KISS.
AWW.
AWW, KUDOS.
OH!
SPIRIT FINGERS.
all: WHOO!
YEAH, BITCH.
ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL.
BUT YOU JUST...
NEVER [bleep] KNOW
WITH THIS ONE.
I'M WILLING TO SEE.
ONLY TIME WILL TELL.
♪
IF YOU MY MAMA
AND I'M YOUR SON,
AND I'M GOING TO THE LEFT,
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME.
I'LL DO THAT,
BUT THEN, I LIKE SHAY,
AND SHE LOST A LITTLE MORE
WEIGHT, AND SHE LOOKING FINE.
BY PROPOSING TO ERICA,
MY SON IS MAKING THE BIGGEST
MISTAKE OF HIS LIFE.
MOMMA, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
HEY, MAMA BIG MAN.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, NOTHING.
YOU KNOW, I COULD FIND YOU
IN A MILLION-MAN MARCH.
I KNOW WHAT MAKES MY SON HAPPY.
WOW.
AND IT AIN'T ERICA.
SHAY'S THE GIRL FOR SCRAPPY,
AND I'M HERE TO PRESENT
MY CASE.
YOU KNOW, AFTER THE INCIDENT
THAT HAPPENED BETWEEN YOU
AND SHAY, ARE Y'ALL STILL
FRIENDS OR--I MEAN...
I JUST WANT TO KNOW.
YOU WOULD, WOULDN'T YOU?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH THAT?
I HAVE CALLED HER,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING--
SO WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
YOU KNOW, JUST TRYING TO--
JUST LET HER KNOW IT WASN'T
ON PURPOSE, YOU KNOW.
I WASN'T TRYING TO HURT
YOUR FEELINGS ON PURPOSE
OR NOTHING LIKE THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YOU KNOW, WE GOT HISTORY.
YOU KNOW, WE GO WAY BACK.
YES, YOU DO.
I KNOW HOW WE IS WHEN WE GET
TO GETTING AROUND EACH OTHER,
AND I AIN'T EVEN TRYING TO MESS
UP WHAT I GOT GOING ON WITH
ERICA.
I'M TRYING TO WORK ON THAT.
YOU SURE?
WHAT YOU MEAN, AM I SURE?
YOU SURE THAT'S THE DIRECTION
YOU WANT TO GO IN?
I AIN'T GOT NO HARD FEELINGS
AGAINST SHAY, BUT IT'S LIKE,
WHEN IT'S OVER, IT'S OVER.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
SO I JUST WANT MOMMA
TO GO WITH THE FAM,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING,
AND NOT WITH THE FRIEND.
IF YOU MY MAMA AND I'M YOUR SON,
AND I'M GOING TO THE LEFT,
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME
LEFT.
I MEAN, I'LL DO THAT,
BUT THEN, I LIKE SHAY.
AND LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
SHE DID EXPRESS HER UNDYING LOVE
TO YOU AND THAT, YOU KNOW,
SHE LOST A LITTLE MORE WEIGHT
AND SHE LOOKING FINE.
EVERYBODY KNOWS WHEN A PERSON'S
MORE IN LOVE WITH YOU
THAN YOU ARE WITH THEM,
THEN YOU GET TOP DOLLAR.
SHE ADORES THE WAY HE WALKS,
HE TALKS, HE SLEEPS.
SHE FEEDS OFF HIS ENERGY.
AND THAT SON OF MINE'S
CAN'T SEE IT?
HUH.
THERE'S TOO MUCH FOREST
AND TREES IN THE MIX.
IF SHE HIT YOU UP,
WOULD YOU HAVE LUNCH WITH HER?
YOU KNOW, JUST TO BE A BASIC
CONVERSATION, "HOW YOU DOING
AND HOW THINGS BEEN GOING ON
WITH YOU."
WOULD YOU?
NOT RIGHT NOW.
OH, YOU JUST KNOW YOU JUST
WANT TO.
CHILL OUT ON THAT,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
LIKE, YOU KNOW, YOUR
SOON-TO-BE DAUGHTER-IN-LAW...
OKAY.
GET COOL WITH HER,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
OH, WELL, ALL RIGHT.
THANKSGIVING.
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
BIRTHDAYS.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YEAH, COME ON, LET'S GET IT
TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
FOR REAL.
WELL...
'CAUSE THAT ONE GONE.
UH, ANYWAY,
MOMMA LOVE YOU SO.
I LOVE YOU.
I DON'T WANT ERICA TO SEE
THAT LIPSTICK.
SHE MIGHT THINK IT CAME
FROM SHAY.
SHE WOULDN'T THINK THAT.
SHE WOULD NEVER THINK THAT.
SHE MIGHT.
NO, SHE WOULDN'T.
POO-POO,
I WANT TO GET A BLUE ONE, COZ.
YOU HAPPY THESE DAYS?
DECENT.
DECENT?
YEAH.
'CAUSE I COULD TELL WHEN YOU
LOOK AT ME AND WHEN YOU TALK TO
ME AND WHEN YOU SMILE AT ME,
IT'S LIKE REAL BLANK SPACE
WITH US RIGHT NOW,
A REAL GRAY AREA
THAT WE GOT TO FILL IN.
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO ABOUT
THE GRAY AREA?
THAT WOULD BE A QUESTION
THAT I WOULD ASK YOU.
GET SOME CRAYONS.
GET SOME OF EVA'S CRAYONS.
FILL IT IN.
FILLING IN.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M SAYING
THIS, BUT EVER SINCE
STEVIE KICKED JOSELINE
OUT OF THE HOUSE, THE THREE
OF US HAVE BEEN SPENDING
MORE TIME TOGETHER,
AND LIFE IS DRAMA-FREE.
BUT IF STEVIE THINKS HE'S GONNA
ADD SOME "COLOR" TO OUR
RELATIONSHIP...
HE'S IN NEVER-NEVER LAND.
GREEN WORKS.
IT'S THAT EASY?
I MEAN, YEAH, EVERYTHING
IS EASY AS WE MAKE IT.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
GREEN WORKS?
YEAH.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
I MEAN, GREEN WORKS.
YOU NEED SOMETHING?
DON'T BE--DON'T--
MM-MMM, MM-MMM.
YOU BELIEVE THAT MONEY
FIXES EVERYTHING,
AND IT DOES NOT.
IT FIXES 89.95%
OF EVERYTHING.
WELL, THE OTHER PERCENTAGE
IS MY ISSUE,
NOT THE MONEY.
AND THE MONEY WILL NOT FIX
WHAT I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH
WITH YOU.
IT WON'T?
NOT AT ALL.
I DON'T GIVE--
GIFTS?
NO.
YOU COULD GIFT--
CARS, DIAMONDS?
YOU COULD GIFT DIAMOND,
MAKE ME UNTIL YOU TURN--
BAGS?
BAG ME.
LOUIS STEWART BAGS?
I AIN'T SEEN ONE YET.
WHAT I GOT TO DO?
YOU SHOULDN'T ASK ME
WHAT YOU SHOULD DO.
YOU, KNOWING ME
AND KNOWING ME AS LONG
AS YOU HAVE, SHOULD KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT TO DO.
I WANT TO DO THAT.
I WANT TO TRY TO DO THAT.
IT'S LIKE...
[imitates brakes squealing]
PUT THE BLOCK UP.
WHY DO I DO THAT?
INSECURITIES.
UH, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
MY INSECURITY?
I MEAN, YEAH, OF BEING--
CAN I JUST FINISH WHAT
I WAS GONNA SAY?
OF BEING HURT AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
ALL THE PREVIOUS THINGS
THAT I'VE DONE.
AND I MEAN THAT WOULD CAUSE
A PERSON--
IS THAT THE DOOR?
YEAH, THAT'S THE DOOR.
STEVIE, WHAT, YOU GOT
THE HEATER ON IN HERE?
IT'S HOT IN--
YEAH.
WHAT'S UP?
LET'S GO TO THE STUDIO.
HOW YOU DOING?
EH!
DON'T BE TOUCHING UP ON ME.
OKAY.
YOU NOT GONNA SPEAK?
HEY, MAID.
I SEE YOU GOT ON YOUR MAID
OUTFIT LIKE YOU ALWAYS DO.
I DON'T BLAME YOU.
MAID OUTFIT?
I HAVE ON A T-SHIRT.
BETTER GET THE [bleep]
OUT OF HERE.
AIN'T THAT WHAT YOU CLEAN
WITH?
YOU NEED TO BUY HER A FUR
LIKE YOU BOUGHT ME ONE.
GET THIS HO OUT THE HOUSE.
LET'S GO DO MY--
GET THIS BITCH OUT THE HOUSE
NOW.
I'M LIKE, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'MA WORK THIS BITCH.
SINCE SHE WORKED ME
WHEN SHE "THINKS SHE PUT ME
OUT THE HOUSE"--
BITCH, YOU AIN'T PUT ME
OUT THE HOUSE.
I PUT MYSELF OUT THE HOUSE.
SO NOW I'MA SHOW YOU
I CAN TAKE YOUR MAN AGAIN
IF I WANTED TO,
MOLLY THE MAID.
I DON'T GIVE A [bleep]
WHERE YOU GO.
TAKE THAT [bleep] TO THE MOON.
BUT YOU CAN GET HER THE [bleep]
OUT OF MY FACE.
LET'S GO, 'CAUSE I DON'T WANT
TO TALK TO THIS MAID.
WE CAN'T HAVE A CONVERSATION?
GET THE BITCH OUT OF THE
[bleep] HOUSE.
PLEASE GET THAT [bleep]
OUT OF HERE.
LET HER CRY.
BOTH OF YOU MOTHER[bleep]
GET THE [bleep] OUT THE HOUSE.
I GOT TO GET SOME SHOES.
YOU SLUT-ASS BITCH.
I'LL THROW YOU SOME SHOES
DOWNSTAIRS.
[bleep] TAKING YOUR MAN
AGAIN.
PROSTITUTE.
LET'S GO, STEVIE.
ALL THESE GREAT DEALS
ON THE TABLE, AND YOU WANT ME
TO SIT UP THERE AND WASTE
MY TIME WITH YOUR MAID.
SHE NEEDS TO COME CLEAN
MY CONDO.
THAT'S WHAT SHE NEEDS TO DO.
MY DOOR'S ALWAYS OPEN
FOR JOSELINE, BUT AT LEAST
RING THE DOORBELL OR SOME
[bleep].
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
IT'S JUST LIKE, YOU JUST BARGING
IN THE JOINT.
NOW I FEEL LIKE I'M MOLLY
THE MAID AND I GOT TO CLEAN
THIS MESS UP.
THIS BITCH WANT TO CALL ME
A [bleep] MAID AND EVERYTHING
ELSE, AND YOU NOT GONNA SAY
[bleep]?
IT WAS A JOKE.
SHE MADE A JOKE.
YOU GET YOUR [bleep]...
ONCE AGAIN, AFTER 15 YEARS
OF KNOWING THIS MOTHER[bleep],
I STILL WANT TO BELIEVE
AND LISTEN.
GOT TO BE NICE, MIMI.
GET MORE BEES WITH HONEY.
IT'S ALL BULL[bleep].
AS SOON AS THAT GORILLA
WALKED THROUGH THE DOOR,
HE WENT BACK ON EVERYTHING
HE SAID, DEFENDING ME,
DEFENDING HIS DAUGHTER,
HIS FAMILY.
HE DIDN'T DO [bleep].
YOU GONNA MAKE THIS BITCH
COME HERE WHERE I STAY
AND YOUR DAUGHTER AND [bleep]
DISRESPECT?
WHY CAN'T YOU TAKE THE
INITIATIVE TO GET THE BITCH
OUT OF THE [bleep] HOUSE?
OR MAYBE YOU DON'T SEE
THIS DISRESPECT,
'CAUSE YOU'RE SO FAR
UP THIS [bleep] ASS,
YOU CAN'T THINK STRAIGHT.
AND YOU BUYING BITCH'S FURS?
THAT'S WHAT YOU DOING?
SHE WORKING.
RIGHT, YOU GOT HER
WORKING, [bleep] HER IN HER ASS
AND MAKING VIDEOS.
YEAH, YOU GOT THE BITCH
WORKING ALL RIGHT.
YOU STILL GOT YOUR PC.
5 BULL[bleep] PERCENT WHILE
YOU [bleep] DISRESPECT ME
WITH A [bleep] PROSTITUTE.
YOU WANT ME TO BE SATISFIED.
SHE'S NOT A PROSTITUTE.
YES, SHE IS.
THE BITCH IS A WHORE.
CAN WE JUST STOP NAME-CALLING
EACH OTHER--
TELL YOUR PROSTITUTE TO BE--
[bleep] YOU.
I'LL CALL THAT BITCH WHAT I
WANT.
MIMI SEES A LITTLE BIT
OF HERSELF IN HER WHEN SHE
WAS HER AGE.
AGGRESSIVE, GONNA GET IT
BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
SO IT'S LIKE, DAMN,
I KNOW THAT GIRL.
YOU GONNA GET LET THIS
BITCH DISRESPECT ME?
[bleep] YOU FOR THAT.
[bleep] YOU ALL THE WAY.
I DIDN'T LET HER DISRESPECT
YOU.
[bleep] YOU.
WHAT DID I SAY?
"YO, DISRESPECT HER."
THIS BITCH WANT TO CALL ME
A [bleep] MAID AND EVERYTHING
ELSE AND YOU NOT GONNA SAY
[bleep]?
IT WAS A JOKE.
SHE MADE A JOKE.
YO, CHILL.
THIS BITCH GONNA CALL ME
[bleep] MAID?
YOU GONNA SAY THE BITCH
IS JOKING?
SHE BIT ME ON [bleep] NECK.
YO, HOLD UP.
GONNA TELL ME THAT BITCH
IS JOKING?
YOU [bleep]!
HERE, HOLD UP, HOLD UP.
JOKING?
[bleep]!
GET THE [bleep] OUT OF HERE.
GO BE WITH YOUR BITCH,
YOU [bleep] WHORE.
CLEAN UP MY ROOM, MOLLY MAID.
BITCH.
THIS SEASON ON
LOVE & HIP-HOP: ATLANTA...
OH, MIMI!
DADDY'S HOME!
I CAN'T LIVE WITH YOU.
YOU CAN'T LIVE WITH ME?
I DON'T NEED YOUR APPROVAL
FOR ME TO MOVE ON.
OH, YES, YOU DO.
IF I DON'T GET MY MONEY,
YOU GOT TO A PROBLEM.
WHAT YOU GONNA DO?
LET'S TAKE IT ISSUE BY ISSUE.
DO I OWNS YOU?
YES.
CAN'T HAVE YOUR CAKE
AND EAT IT, TOO, SLEAZ.
YOU GOT TO PICK ONE
OR LET THEM BOTH LOOSE.
IT DON'T DO NOTHING
BUT SHAKE.
[slurps]
TOAST TO NEW BEGINNINGS.
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT--
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE A [bleep]
MAN.
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
I DON'T WANT ONE LIKE YOURS.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
AND YOU WILL NEVER HAVE ONE.
IF IT'S NOT ABOUT K.MICHELLE,
SHE HAS TO MAKE IT ABOUT HER.
SAY HI TO EACH OTHER.
[snickers]
YEAH, I'LL BE READY.
PULL THAT RAGGEDY-ASS WIG OFF.
GET OUT OF MY FACE.
WE'RE SO SCARED.
STUNT, RASHEEDA,
BUT YOU WILL NOT WALK
THE STREETS OF ATLANTA.
[bleep] YOUR WIFE!
I THINK I'M PREGNANT.
WHOO!
THAT RIGHT THERE,
WE WILL NEED A BLOOD TEST.
SO WHAT YOU THINK,
I'M [bleep] AROUND?
WHAT ARE RAPPERS KNOWN FOR?
A'IGHT, WE KEEPING IT
MOVING.
ATLANTA'S ONLY HIP-HOP STATION.
YOUR FAVORITE DJ ON YOUR RADIO,
TRACI STEELE.
YOU TRY AND [bleep].
GONNA OPEN HIS [bleep] MOUTH!
GET OFF ME!
THEY WANT YOU FOR ONE THING.
YOU CHRIS BROWN DJ,
AND THAT'S WHY THEY WANT
TO [bleep] WITH YOU.
HAVE YOU NOTICED?
YEAH, I NOTICED.
YOU HAVE.
YEAH.
DO YOU WANT IT?
THAT'S THE WHOLE PORTION.
DO YOU WANT THE RING?
YOU SAY I'M YOUR FRIEND,
BUT YOU TREATED ME LIKE
A PIECE OF [bleep].
TAKE IT OR RESPECT IT.
I AIN'T RESPECTING [bleep].
I'M TELLING YOU HOW I FEEL,
SCRAPPY.
IF YOU LISTEN TO ME,
YOU'LL GET HIM BACK.
HOW MANY TIMES HAS SHE CALLED
ME A BITCH?
HUH?
HOW MANY TIMES?
HEY!
WHOA!
GET THE [bleep] OUT OF MY
HOUSE!
YOU WANT MY SON BY
YOURSELF, MAN.
AH!
I'M TRYING TO WORK
WITH THE BITCH.
LISTEN, I DON'T TALK
TO THE HELP.
SO YOU NEVER GONNA DO
A SONG WITH ME, JOSELINE?
THIS CONVERSATION IS OVER,
'CAUSE FOR REAL?
[bleep].
BITCH, GET OUT OF HERE, BITCH!
YOU SHOWED ME JOSELINE'S
PORN TAPE.
NO, ACTUALLY, I DIDN'T.
OH, MY GOD!
YOU GONNA CHECK THIS [bleep]
OR WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SLEAZ, PLEASE.
[bleep] THAT BITCH.
YOU LOVE ME?
DO FAT GIRLS LOVE
CHOCOLATE CAKE?
WHERE DO YOU LIVE?
I LIVE IN ATLANTA.
YOU KNOW I COULD FIND YOU,
RIGHT?